Update tools and programs page as per community feedback (#80493)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/community/other_tools_and_programs.rst

PyCharm
-------

> A full IDE (integrated development environment) for Python software development. It ships with everything you need to write python scripts and complete software, including support for YAML syntax highlighting. It's a little overkill for writing roles/playbooks, but it can be a very useful tool if you write modules and submit code for Ansible. Can be used to debug the Ansible engine. For more information, see `PyCharm <https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A full IDE (integrated development environment) for Python software development. It ships with everything you need to write python scripts and complete software, including support for YAML syntax highlighting. It's a little overkill for writing roles/playbooks, but it can be a very useful tool if you write modules and submit code for Ansible. Can be used to debug ``ansible-core``. For more information, see `PyCharm <https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/>`_
```

vim
---

An open-source, free command-line text editor. Useful vim plugins include:

* `Ansible vim <https://github.com/pearofducks/ansible-vim>`_  - vim syntax plugin for Ansible 2.x, it supports YAML playbooks, Jinja2 templates, and Ansible's hosts files.
* `Ansible vim and neovim plugin <https://www.npmjs.com/package/@yaegassy/coc-ansible>`_  - vim plugin (lsp client) for Ansible, it supports autocompletion, syntax highlighting, hover, diagnostics, and goto support.

Visual studio code
------------------

An open-source, free GUI text editor created and maintained by Microsoft. Useful Visual Studio Code plugins include:

* `Ansible extension by Red Hat <https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.ansible>`_ - provides autocompletion, syntax highlighting, hover, diagnostics, goto support, and command to run ansible-playbook and ansible-navigator tool for both local and execution-environment setups.
* `YAML Support by Red Hat <https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.vscode-yaml>`_ - provides YAML support through yaml-language-server with built-in Kubernetes and Kedge syntax support.

.. note::

>     Visual studio code is not maintained by the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the Visual Studio Code Ansible extension  is maintained by the Ansible community and  Red Hat.
```

Development tools
=================

Finding related issues and PRs
------------------------------

There are various ways to find existing issues and pull requests (PRs)

- `jctanner's Ansible Tools <https://github.com/jctanner/ansible-tools>`_ - miscellaneous collection of useful helper scripts for Ansible development.

.. _validate-playbook-tools:

Tools for validating playbooks
==============================

- `Ansible Lint <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible-lint/index.html>`_ - a highly configurable linter for Ansible playbooks.
- `Ansible Review <https://github.com/willthames/ansible-review>`_ - an extension of Ansible Lint designed for code review.
- `Molecule <https://molecule.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ - a testing framework for Ansible plays and roles.
- `yamllint <https://yamllint.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>`__ - a command-line utility to check syntax validity including key repetition and indentation issues.

Other tools
===========

> 

Reviewer: Under this section - can you remove all the tools that are already listed over at awesome ansible?
https://github.com/ansible-community/awesome-ansible#tools

Author: Yes, I can.

- `Awesome Ansible <https://github.com/jdauphant/awesome-ansible>`_ - a collaboratively curated list of awesome Ansible resources.
- `AWX <https://github.com/ansible/awx>`_ - provides a web-based user interface, REST API, and task engine built on top of Ansible. Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform includes code from AWX.
- `Mitogen for Ansible <https://mitogen.networkgenomics.com/ansible_detailed.html>`_ - uses the `Mitogen <https://github.com/dw/mitogen/>`_ library to execute Ansible playbooks in a more efficient way (decreases the execution time).
- `Awesome Ansible <https://github.com/ansible-community/awesome-ansible>`_ - a collaboratively curated list of awesome Ansible resources.
- `nanvault <https://github.com/marcobellaccini/nanvault>`_ - a standalone tool to encrypt and decrypt files in the Ansible Vault format, featuring UNIX-style composability.
- `OpsTools-ansible <https://github.com/centos-opstools/opstools-ansible>`_ - uses Ansible to configure an environment that provides the support of `OpsTools <https://wiki.centos.org/SpecialInterestGroup/OpsTools>`_, namely centralized logging and analysis, availability monitoring, and performance monitoring.

> - `Steampunk Spotter <https://pypi.org/project/steampunk-spotter/>`_ - provides an Assisted Automation Writing tool that analyzes and offers recommendations for your Ansible Playbooks.

Reviewer 2: Why does this remove Steampunk?

Author: Because it is already contained in awesome-ansible. My task was to remove those items from the "Other tools" subsection that are already present in awesome-ansible.

Reviewer: Yep. We decided to use awsome-ansible for most of the tools/programs. Over time, we can consider moving other items here over to awesome-ansible and then remove them from this page. But that's a different task than this PR :-)

Reviewer 2: Ah, I see. Thanks for explaining.
